hello youtube this is goody and today
I'm going to be doing a server spotlight
on room craft runescape based on
minecraft server room craft is an
absolutely brilliant server excluding
the wilderness it has the entire
free-to-play world built while on the
server I have searched and searched and
searched for missing chunks of the map
or missing little things like the GE
tunnels over to Edgeville but there's
absolutely nothing they've missed the
map is just incredible and when you're
roaming around it just walking about
teleporting around it genuinely feels
like you were within the actual
runescape map if you've played runescape
for any period of time you'll definitely
know your way around it's very well
built and definitely has a true
resemblance to the actual runescape map
even the most insignificant areas have
been included I was definitely surprised
when I saw they'd built Crandall karanji
even the varrock sewer and the varix who
are really blew me away it's enormous
and the amount of effort that they put
into it it looks incredible and it
definitely paid off the map is very
simple they've not tried to overdo it by
any means but it just looks brilliant it
feels brilliant and it just plays really
well and it's pretty I would say it's
exactly what they were aiming for
genuinely feels like runescape but the
map alone isn't what makes this server
brilliant there's also PvP you can walk
to the jewelry in a enter and then you
can fight with the other players in it
the PvP is surprisingly tactical there's
simple elements that they've put into
the arena or there's a few houses
there's just hills just basic things
that you can take control of use to your
advantage and it just gives it a slight
tactical edge and makes it really really
enjoyable and I would go as far as to
say it's probably one of the most
enjoyable PvP servers I've played on but
to be able to compete in the PvP of
course you first need your gear and how
else would you get gear of the mining
resources and making it as you would in
runescape because a majority of the map
isn't destructible the way they've
implemented skilling in terms of like
mining resources and chopping down trees
and stuff like that is very very very
good if you go to where you'd expect to
be able to mine in runescape say the
Varick east mine there will be resources
that you can mine that so you can mine
them away the resources respawn after a
certain amount of time so there's enough
for everyone to get their gear and it
works pretty much just like it does in
runes
you can also chop down trees pretty much
anywhere and they will respawn as well
as with gathering resources to furnaces
you will have to make a trip to where
you'd expect them to be in runescape
this definitely adds a lot to the server
for me giving it a very very runescape
feeling and it also adds a little value
to the things you get of course running
around the world on such an enormous map
would take way too long without
teleports so the admins have added walks
for all the major towns and cities in
the free-to-play world the server is
very very fun to play and from what I've
seen it has a decently sized and really
friendly player base I'd definitely
suggest that you guys go check out this
server also if you want to see some
behind the scenes sort of footage from
the owners there make sure to go check
out their YouTube channel the link will
be in their description they also have a
bunch of other great videos on there so
make sure to check them out let me know
if you want to see more server or mod
spotlights and yeah that's just about it
thanks for watching